add mkdocs site (#39)
alisterburt/napari-tomoslice: docs/index.md

# Overview

> *napari-tomoslice* is a tool for interactively annotating geometrical structures in cryoET data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*napari-tomoslice* is a tool for interactively annotating geometrical structures in cryo-ET data 
```

> and generating and exporting poses from these geometrical annotations for further processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and generating particle poses from these geometrical annotations for subtomogram averaging.
```

With *napari-tomoslice* you can

- [**Annotate**](annotate.md) geometrical structures in [*napari*](https://github.com/napari/napari)
- [**Generate poses**](generate.md) from the geometrical annotations 

> - [**Export poses**](export.md) generated from geometrical annotations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Export poses**](export.md) for your favourite subtomogram averaging package
```

>  *napari-tomoslice* allows you to annotate and generate poses from points, spheres, paths (i.e. backbone, helix, rings), and dipoles (i.e. direct, disk),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *napari-tomoslice* allows you to annotate points, spheres, paths and dipoles. 
 Poses can be sampled in a number of ways from each annotation type, for a complete list see 
 - [path pose generation](./link/here)
 - [dipole pose generation](./link/here)
```
